Caesar would imagine with it that's a
nightly little bit Alexa phone samsung
say by some members of the moon
commercial it'll be now near entirety
the dollars from Samsung save item will
it get to you know on some chocolate
American people like Sigma the Bata
banyan boy
goodbye Lily met some local Manhattan hi
Graham like my Nana company
and then I can go shopping
but I wasn't my family to be some sort
of item so the pinch other witness and
survived X I'm having my buddy Douglas
itself even the Aventine I would grab
him with new people is a legend here
limping people moving in so look at a
work actively
somehow yeah
but also God that's it in your retina oh
my Sebastian gotten back moon in so do
the handy for body removal even
hydrophobic girls young man have a
doctor is opinion can ms/ms my EMS body
in Manila was actually over financial
because it nicely by some reports are in
details on your own using the Atlantic
use equip them for exactly - anything
happy book if within the means you get
myself out well tomorrow at the
grasshoppers
in something with legs a hood if they
didn't all that wasn't about since our
bye